Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#30)
brim-borium/spotify_sdk: CONTRIBUTING.md

## What do I do before creating a pull request

> 1. Fork the repository and create your branch from `master`, use feature/ , bug/ or task/ to differentiate your branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fork the repository and branch out of `master`, prefix your branch's name with `feature/`, `bug/` or `task/` to indicate the scope of the PR
```

1. Install all dependencies (`flutter packages get` or `pub get`)

> 1. Squash your commits and ensure you have a meaningful commit message, use [imperative mood](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#imperative)

Reviewer: We can also squash through GitHub when we merge the pull request. In fact we can even configure it to be mandatory.
```suggestion
1. Ensure you have a meaningful PR name using the [imperative mood](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#imperative) as your commits will be squashed upon merge and the PR's name will be used as the merge commit's message.
```

Author: Sound good, can I configure that in the github settings?

Author: Found it Squash is mandatory now

1. If you’ve fixed a bug or added code that should be tested, add tests!
1. If you've changed the public API, make sure to update/add documentation (for now that is the [Readme](README.md))

> 1. If you've made breaking changes give us a heads up in the pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you've made breaking changes give us a heads up in the pull request. Try to provide a compatibility path for the deprecated APIs and if needed provide a small migration guide in the [Readme](README.md).
```
